as we're set and underway here in game
four. McDaniels had a great two-way
game. Randle guarded by Gordon. Gordon
an excellent defender. Randall gets the
first shot to go down.
>> Dante Devenenzo with such a spark. Whips
a pass out. Edwards clean look for three
>> and they'll let it go out of bounds. The
Nuggets during the regular season, they
were one of the best road teams in the
NBA.
Steven
left open fakes.
Yic goes right at Goar. The shot is in
and out. Yic keeps it alive. Gets it
again. The tip is good.
>> He has the ability to make bucket after
bucket in such unique ways.
>> It was a stunning performance as
McDaniels drills that one. Jokic was
just seven of 26.
Yokic inside. Johnson right back to Joic
trying to draw a foul. He thought he got
hit. He's upset, but he knocks down the
shot.
>> Open. They were all standing up. This is
the first time I think I've seen him sit
down since this game started.
>> Jamal Murray the spin move now shoots
over McD.
Shot clock at five.
Jokic the drive puts it up. Shots good.
>> As Joic turned the corner, you you would
think all he was thinking about was
shooting, but he actually looked around
first. Go gathers. Layup is good.
Rattles it in.
McDaniels the spin move. Can't get it to
go. Gets his own rebound. Swarm gets it
off and gets
Christian Brown fires away. That's good.
He did not have a
back here in Minnesota. Tim Hardway off
the turnover. Bones Highland in the
game. McDaniels picking up his second
foul. Ireland's been a spark off the
bench. Second half of the season. Jumper
is good.
>> Highland kicks it out in the corner. Nas
Reed off the bounce. Goes inside. Nobody
comes to help out and an easy bucket for
Nas Reed.
>> Oh, we said those numbers that he put
up, it was just he was inefficient. If
you want to give credit to the fourtime
defensive player of the year,
>> Joic lobs it into Brown. Brown double
team TRIES A LAYUP SHOT BLOCKED BY NAZ
REED. High points for Minnesota from the
bench. Gordon jab step jumper gets that
one to go for his first field goal.
>> Numu a good defender. Now Highland picks
him up. Murray turns, spins, fires,
connects. Murray with his second field
goal and his first three-pointer.
Jones tough assignment guarding Bones.
Tyler gets inside, missed it. Reed the
rebound, the follow off the rim and then
falls in.
>> You got to take care. You got to box out
because the athleticism of Minnesota,
they're just down a man.
>> Murray gets it back, lays it up, but
Edwards gets inside. LEFT-HANDED BLOCK
BY Gordon and then gets the rebound
ahead to Murray. Thread the needle. Bank
shot is good. What a pass from Hardaway.
when this crowd and their defense feeds
off of loose ball turnovers. The Elks,
the floater, they're going down tonight
after that massive struggle the other
night and they were the third best team
and not turning it over. You're playing
a fast athletic team. It's ball security
is just critical where the confidence is
playing with right now.
>> Have these guys be able to affect this
game. It's so important.
>> Bruce Brown from the baseline.
>> I love that decision by Brown. saw a lot
of space along that baseline and he cut
that distance in half for a much higher
percentage shot. RUDY GOAR BLOCKED by
Murray got a piece of it. Here comes
Hardaway. Twoon one. BROWN GETS IT, GOES
INSIDE and banks it home. Joic scored by
Nas Reed.
Jokic spins wide open, flips it up and
in. He's got 14 points here in the first
half. Minnesota just 38%. Johnson
running the FLOOR AND SOMEHOW GOT THAT
TO GO and Edwards is hurt.
Edwards holding on to his left leg and
he's looking over the bench and
Minnesota calls timeout.
Oh
>> no, a a much more steady player, but he
has graduated. He has continued to grow
here in Minnesota. Gordon hits what
other things by the way
>> to mature with a six-point lead now for
the Nuggets.
>> Shannon knocks it down. Shannon, as you
can tell when he came in
Naz Reed, the drive scoop layup is good.
Double figures for Naz Reed. Dumo and
Reed off the bench have 27 points just
themselves and it's back to a one-point
game. Brown Gordon layup is good.
There's so many good things in game
clock.
Jamal Murray back up top. Yic. Brown
Johnson three-pointer knocks it down
with 1.4 remaining.
>> Highland from half court is up. Oh,
almost a lost like that. He said he was
pleased with how they've weathered this
game so far. First Dante going down,
then
>> Gordon working hard. Randle played him
well. Gordon's jumper is good though.
>> That shows you that Aaron Gordon's not
trusting it. So, he doesn't jump for the
lob. Yokic is used to throwing it, but
great job as you see Connley knock down
the floater a little bit at times out of
the rotation this year.
>> Yic gets it to go. He's now eight for 13
from the field. 16 points
>> where he has an empty side at that
distance. Typically, he's been further
out on those catches.
>> And Randall giving Minnesota what they
need. Randle just his third field goal,
but he's been their second leading
scoreer during the regular season during
the playoffs. Murray gets inside, banks
it home. Getting it down before you're
set and attacking the rim. Jamal Murray
saw the opening.
>> Rand
aggressive.
Glad you called it.
Randall finds Connley. The sumu corner
three. It's good. Lost it. Murray has
it. finds some room, fires a three.
That's good. Rattles it home. Murrayum
fires away. Connects on another three.
IO Dumu now with 24 points.
And right now a five-point lead. Murray
sneaks inside trying to get it to Joic.
Pumped away. There's a turnover.
HIGHLAND GOES DOWN AND LAYS IT UP and
in.
Only the second turnover, but a costly
one. And the lead is cut to three. And
so important against this team. They've
got speed in the open floor. GO DEFLECTS
IT. HUMO. WHO ELSE?
Stolen by Highland. Randall all alone.
Connley on Murray.
Here comes the double team. Murray gets
away from that. STILL GETS OFF THE SHOT
AND BANKS IT HOME. How do he do that? No
idea how he got through there. Jokic is
off the bench ready to come in. Dumu
shot blocked by Jones. Naz Reed chases
it down though. Back up top. McDaniels.
McDaniels in the paint and gets it a
goal.
Back to a six-point lead.
Boy, smothering defense. McDaniels to
Sumu. McDaniels has to put it up. Forces
it up. Shot. No good. Go the rebound.
Back out. CONNLEY. THREE-POINTER. PUTS
IT IN.
Mumu pulls UP JUMPER, BACKS IT HOME.
Mumu thought about a three. Now Reed the
spin drives on Cam Johnson gets inside.
That shot won't go. Go the rebound and
the follow.
Connley back to Dumu.
Dumo the floater's up. It's good.
He's got 20 points, nine assists, but
his team is down by a dozen.
Back up top to Murray. McDaniels quickly
closes.
>> Murray finds some space and nails the
three. Tough shot for Murray. He's got
28.
>> They have eight turnovers, but seven of
them are in the second half where
Minnesota took control of the game.
>> Jamar Murray sees an opening. Drives
falling away. Bank shots good over
Gopair.
Assumu crossover DRIVES GETS INSIDE
LAYUP. He banks it home
and a whistle and a timeout.
Double team comes back five on 24. Dumo
puts up a three. BANG.
A DUMO DOES IT AGAIN.
An inspiring victory for the Minnesota
Timberwolves
in a contest that will be forever known
as the Io Dumu game. Joic and McDaniels
square up. Players trying to break it
up. There's still 1.3 remaining.
Julius Randle furious.
Coaches, referees, everybody. Security
trying to separate the players.